turning to Gaza now where the Israeli
military says it's recovered the bodies
of six captives from a tunnel under Rafa
in southern Gaza one of the bodies has
been identified as HH Goldberg Poland an
Israeli American his family confirmed
the 23-year-old's death in a statement
his relatives have been among the most
high-profile Israelis lobbying the
government to bring home the
captives Israel's prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is blaming Hamas for
what he calls the coldblooded murder of
the Israeli captives he says securing
deal to bring the remaining captives
home as a
priority we for our part will not give
up the Israeli government is committed
and I am personally committed to
continue striving for a deal that will
return all of our hostages and guarantee
our security and
existence I say to the Hamas terrorists
who murdered our captives and I say to
their leaders your blood is on your own
heads we will not rest we will not be
silent we will hunt you down we will
find you and we will settle the score
with you but Hamas says the captives
were all killed in an Israeli Army
strike in a statement it said the one
who kills our people daily is the
occupation with American weapons and the
bodies of prisoners found in Gaza were
only killed by Zionist bombing President
Joe Biden must stop supporting this
enemy with money and weapons and
pressure the occupation to end its
aggression immediately well pressure is
rising on Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu to agree to a
ceasefire deal that includes the release
of the remaining captives around 97
Israelis are believed to be held in Gaza
about a third of them are now presumed
dead a group representing the six
captives killed blames their deaths on
the government's failure to reach an
agreement with Hamas thousands of people
rallied across Israel on Saturday as
they have done most weeks since October
the 7th demanded the captives be brought
home AKA Elder is a political analyst
and contribut to the Israeli newspaper
hirat he says it's unlikely the deaths
of the captives would lead to a
ceasefire I don't believe that uh it
will uh change his mind because
nany's main objective main target is
survival and um he uh convinced not only
uh the ministers the and most of them
are mediocre if not midgets um that uh
it is necessary to stay in Philadelphia
access it's a matter of life and death
um that it's even worse sacrificing the
life of Israeli captives in order to
stay there and this is in complete
contradiction to what uh the uh military
Security Experts and uh even in the
administration in the Army in the shinb
in the musl
they say that uh Israel can deal with uh
a withdrawal from the this exis it is
not sacred we can come back if something
goes wrong um and uh netan was even
confronting in during the cabinets
meeting the Minister of Defense who said
to him clearly and it was it was leaked
to the press that what you actually are
doing
is
murdering at least 30 people that are
waiting there in the tunnels to be
released Al jaz's hand of Salud
supported from Israel al jazer though
has now been banned by the Israeli
government from working there so Ham's
here in studio with me here in Doha so
hamda Netanyahu has clearly said it
remains his priority to see the captives
uh release while at the same time
showing an absolute commitment to a
military solution to Gaza and now of
course six captives are now dead well
when you hear what Anonymous Israeli
officials are saying who say they're
close to Netanyahu that they're close
within the Coalition they say that
Netanyahu has maintained military
pressure is the only way to bring about
the release of the captives and let's
dissect netanyahu's statement just a
little he says that Hamas killed these
captives and that Hamas is not
interested in a deal he who kills the
captives is not interested in ceasefires
or negotiations but netan who for so
long for all of these months has had
these incredibly hard lines hard lines
that have caused a lot of tension within
his own government within his own former
War cabinet the defense minister who's
called on Netanyahu to essentially kind
of let go of these red lines and these
non-negotiables so that there can be a
deal but there's pressure now from
families of captives but it's nothing
new we've been seeing it since the
beginning of the war where they have
said he's neither cap
nor willing to make a deal and that is
still their belief that Netanyahu is
prolonging the war for personal and
political gain he maintains that
military Solutions are the only way to
continue on in this conflict and to
bring about the release and it's
something the family members are not
taking well so fault lines as you say
within the Israeli government you have
Galant coming out the defense minister
coming out and criticizing Benjamin
Netanyahu also Fierce um opposition to
Benjamin Netanyahu stands from the
political opposition in the country
talking about toppling him that's right
yir Leed who is the leader of Israel's
opposition and perhaps the fiercest
critic of Netanyahu one of netanyahu's
political Rivals who has said that it's
netanyahu's fault that so many of these
captives have died because according to
Israeli military intelligence of course
that we cannot verify ourselves they
said that these six captives had Signs
of Life just a few days ago that all of
them were in fact alive and they were
killed killed in some we don't know how
Hamas is saying an Israeli air strike
the Israelis are saying they were
executed and killed by Hamas but
nonetheless it's causing a lot of
commotion within Israel because now you
have municipalities in Israel that are
going to go on strike you have Tel Aviv
for example and several others
businesses that want to close to show
that they are so fed up with the
government they're so fed up with its
leadership and the opposition is backing
all of these moves saying that anything
that can put pressure on the Israeli
government to get them to fold and
accept a deal needs to be done all right
as always H many
thanks make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz